{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Tms Rmn{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title # $ KTalkin\'92 About Your Mama!}{\author Ken Granderson}
{\operator Ken Granderson}{\creatim\yr1995\mo10\dy15\hr15\min11}{\revtim\yr1995\mo10\dy15\hr15\min15}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49203}}\margl1152\margr1152\margt1152\margb1152 \ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0{\*\template 
C:\\PROJECTS\\YOMAMA\\DOC\\yomama.dot}\sectd \linex0 {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\b\f5\fs36\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 #}{
\f0 ctx_contents}}}{\b\f5\fs36  }{\b\f5\fs36\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 $}{\f0 Talkin' About Your Mama!}}}{\b\f5\fs36  }{\b\f5\fs36\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 K:}{\f0 Contents}}Talkin\'92
 About Your Mama!
\par }\pard {\b\f5\fs36\up6 
\par }\pard {\f5\fs24\uldb\cf9 Yo Mama\'92s So Fat}{\v\cf9 ctx_fat}{\f5\fs24\cf9 
\par }{\f5\fs24\uldb\cf9 Yo Mama\'92s So Stupid}{\v\cf9 ctx_stupid}{\f5\fs24\cf9 
\par }{\f5\fs24\uldb\cf9 Yo Mama\'92s So Ugly}{\v\cf9 ctx_ugly}{\f5\fs24\cf9 
\par }{\f5\fs24\uldb\cf9 Yo Mama\'92s So Old}{\v\cf9 ctx_old}{\f5\fs24\cf9 
\par }{\f5\fs24\uldb\cf9 Yo Mama\'92s Got}{\v\cf9 ctx_got}{\f5\fs24\cf9 
\par }{\f5\fs24\uldb\cf9 Yo Mama\'92s So Black}{\v\cf9 ctx_black}{\f5\fs24\cf9 
\par }{\f5\fs24\uldb\cf9 Yo Mama\'92s So Easy}{\v\cf9 ctx_hoe}{\f5\fs24\cf9 
\par }{\f5\fs24\uldb\cf9 Yo Mama\'92s Body Is So}{\v\cf9 ctx_body}{\f5\fs24\cf9 
\par }{\f5\fs24\uldb\cf9 Yo Mama\'92s So Poor}{\v\cf9 ctx_poor}{\f5\fs24\cf9 
\par }{\f5\fs24\uldb\cf9 Yo Mama\'92s So}{\v\cf9 ctx_so}{\f5\fs24\cf9 
\par }\pard {\f0\fs16\up6 
\par 
\par }\pard {\f0\fs16\up6 \page }{\f5\fs24\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 #}{\f0 ctx_Fat}}}{\f5\fs24  }{\f5\fs24\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 $}{\f0 Yo Mama's So Fat}}}{\f5\fs24  }{\f5\fs24\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 K:}{\f0 Fat}}}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 Yo\'92 Mama\'92s So Fat...
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 
\par Yo mama's so fat, I had to take a train and two busses just to get on her good side.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips.
\par Yo mama's so fat, a picture of her fell off the wall!
\par Yo mama's so fat, when I yell ""Kool-Aid,"" she comes crashing through the wall.
\par Yo mama's so fat, people jog around her for exercise.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so fat and old that when God said ""Let there be Light"", he told her to move her fat butt out of the way.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so fat, at the zoo, the elephants started throwing her peanuts.
\par Yo mama's so fat, every time she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she wakes up in sections.
\par Yo mama's so fat, her blood type is Ragu.
\par Yo mama's so fat, her college graduation picture was an aerial.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagen.
\par Yo mama's so fat, her yearbook picture is an aerial.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she put on some BVD's by the time they reached her waist they spelled ""BouleVarD.""
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she auditioned for a part in ""Indiana Jones,"" she got the part as the big rolling ball.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she goes to a restaurant, looks at the menu, and says ""Okay.""
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she brought her dress to the cleaners, they said ""Sorry, we don't do curtains.""
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she goes to a restaurant, she doesn't get a menu, she gets an estimate.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she dances, she makes the band skip.
\par Yo mama's so fat, if she got her shoes shined, she'd have to take his word for it!
\par Yo mama's so fat, she's got Amtrak tattooed on her leg.
\par Yo mama's so fat, we got her in the drive-in free by dressing her as a Chevy.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she went on a light diet...  As soon as it's light she starts eating.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she bends over we go into daylight savings time.
\par Yo mama's so fat, if she wears fishnet stockings, they'd better be 50 pound test!
\par Yo mama's so fat, the telephone company gave her two area codes.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she turns around, people throw her a welcome back party.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she can't even jump to a conclusion.
\par Yo mama's so fat, if she weighed five more pounds, she could get group insurance!
\par Yo mama's so fat n black, she jumped in the ocean and they thought she was an oil spill.
\par Yo mama's so fat, the back of her neck looks like a pack of hot-dogs.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she broke her leg and gravy dripped out.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she bungee jumped and went straight to hell.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she stepped on a talking scale and it told her to ""Get the fuck off.""
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she takes a shower, her feet don't get wet.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she's got her own zip code.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her as a new world.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she went to the movies and sat next to everyone.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she can't reach her back pocket.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she can't wear Dazzey Dukes.  She has to wear Boss Hoggs.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she has to iron her pants on the driveway.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she goes to a restaurant, she even orders ""Thank You, Come Again.""
\par Yo mama's so fat, she eats biscuits like tic tacs.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she fell in love and broke it.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she swims, she leaves stretch marks on the swimming pool.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she gets clothes in three sizes: extra large, jumbo, and oh-my-god-it's-coming-towards-us!
\par Yo mama's so fat, she got hit by a truck and asked ""Who threw that rock?""
\par Yo mama's so fat, she has to pull down her pants to get into her pockets.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she has more nooks and crannies than a Thomas' English Muffin.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she has to buy two airline tickets.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she influences the tides.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she has to grease her hands to get into her pockets.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she has two stomachs:  One for meat, one for vegetables.
\par Yo mama's so fat, the shadow of her ass weighs 50 pounds.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she jumped up in the air and got stuck.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she measures 36 24 36, and the other arm is just as big.
\par Yo mama's so fat, NASA orbits satellites around her.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she plays hopscotch like this: LA, Detroit, Chicago, NY.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she puts on her lipstick with a paint-roller.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she sat on the corner and the police came & said ""break it up!""
\par Yo mama's so fat, she shows up on radar.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she stood in front of the Hollywood sign and it just said H d.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she tried to get an all-over tan, and the sun burned out.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she uses a hula hoop to hold up her socks.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she uses a mattress for a maxi-pad.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she uses a pillow case as a sock.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she wears a VCR for a beeper.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she went to a Chinese Restaurant and ordered a 40oz. of gravy.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she's on both sides of the family.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she can't tie her own shoes.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when I tried to drive around her, I ran out of gas.
\par Yo mama's so fat, the animals at the zoo feed her.
\par Yo mama's so fat, the highway patrol made her wear a ""Caution! Wide Turn"" sign.
\par Yo mama's so fat, they had to baptize her at Sea World.
\par Yo mama's so fat, they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping.
\par Yo mama's so fat, she uses blanket as a washcloth.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she goes to the beach, little kids yell ""Free Willy, Free Willy.""
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she backs up she beeps.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too.
\par Yo mama's so fat, they have to grease a door frame and hold a Twinkie on the other side to get her through.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she gets on the scale it says to be continued.
\par Yo mama's so fat, they had to install speed bumps at the all-u-can-eat buffet.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she sits around the house, she sits AROUND the house.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she steps on a scale, it reads ""One at a time, please.""
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she wears a red dress people yell ""Hey Kool-Aid Man.""
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she wears a yellow raincoat in the rain, people call her ""Taxi!""
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she went to the beach Greenpeace tried to drag her ass back in the water.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when the bitch goes to an all you can eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when they used her underwear elastic for bungee jumping, they hit the ground.
\par Yo mama's so fat, you smell like bacon at 90 degrees.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she travels, she's gotta make two trips.
\par Yo mama's so fat, when she was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks.
\par Yo mama's so big, her belly button's got an echo.
\par Yo mama's so big, she can't wear an X jacket cause helicopters kept landing on her back.
\par Yo mama's so big, she uses the interstate for a Slip `n Slide.
\par Yo mama's so big, when you climb on top of her your ears pop.
\par Yo mama's so big, that they had to change ""One size fit's all"" to ""One size fits most""
\par Yo mama's so big, when she goes to the movie theater she sits next to everybody.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so big, when she went to the airport and said she wanted to fly they stamped Goodyear on her and sent her out to the runway.
\par }\pard \qr {\f5\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f0\fs24 \page }{\f0\fs24\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 #}{\f0 ctx_Stupid}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 $}{\f0 Yo' Mama's So Stupid}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 K:}{\f0 Stupid}}}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 Yo\'92 Mama\'92s So Stupid...
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she spent twenty minutes lookin' at an orange juice box because it said `concentrate. 
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she has 1 toe & bought a pair of flip flops
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she put lipstick on her forehead because she wanted to makeup her mind.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she got stabbed in a shoot-out.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she sat in a tree house because she wanted to be a branch manager.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she tried to put M&M's in order.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she sat on TV & watched the couch.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she thought St. Ides was a Catholic church.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she sent me a fax with a stamp on it.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so stupid, when she took you to the airport and a sign said ""Airport Left,"" she turned around and went home.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so stupid, she put a ruler on her pillow to see how long she slept.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she thought a quarterback was a refund.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she was locked in a grocery store and starved to death.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, if you gave her a penny for her intelligence you'd get change.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, they had to burn the school down to get her out of 3rd grade.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she took a spoon to the Super Bowl.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she tried to mail a letter with food stamps.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she tried to drown herself in a carpool.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Jif.
\par Yo mama's so stupid that under ""Education"" on her job application, she put ""Hooked on Phonics.""
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she cooked her own complimentary breakfast.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she had Dan Quayle check her spelling.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she got hit by a cup and told the police that she got mugged.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she thinks Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she thinks socialism means partying!
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so stupid, when asked on an application, ""Sex?"", she marked, ""M, F, and sometimes Wednesday too.""
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so stupid, when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line, she put ""O.K.""
\par Yo mama's so stupid, at bottom of application where it says Sign Here - she put Sagittarius.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she got a part time job painting skittles.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, it takes her 2 hours to watch 60 Minutes.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, on her job application where it says emergency contact she put 911.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she asked for a price check at the dollar store.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, if she spoke her mind, she'd be speechless.
\par Yo mama's so stupid when she asked me what kinda jeans I wore, I said Guess and she said ""Ah Levis?""
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she jumped out the window and went up.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she said ""what's that letter after x"" and I said Y she said ""Cause I wanna know"".
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she stands up on an empty bus.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she studied for a blood test and failed.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she died before the police arrived because she couldn't find the ""11"" button in ""9-1-1""
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she thought Boyz2Men was a daycare center.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she thought hamburger helper came with another person.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she thought meow mix was a record for cats.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she thought she needed a token to get on soul train.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she thought the board of education was a piece of wood.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she told everyone that she was ""illegitiment"" because she couldn't read.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she go hit by a parked car.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she sold the car for gas money.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so stupid, when she saw the ""NC-17 (Under 17 Not Admitted)"" sign, she went home and got 16 friends.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so stupid, when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran outside with a spoon.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, when she heard 90% of all crimes occur around the home, she moved.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, I saw her in the frozen food section with a fishing rod.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, I taught her how to do the running man and I haven't seen her since.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she asked you ""What is the number for 911"".
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she bought a video camera to record cable TV shows at home.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she thinks Taco Bell is where you pay your telephone bill.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, she got fired from the M&M factory for throwing away all the W's.
\par Yo mama's so stupid, when she went to take the 44 bus, she took the 22 twice instead.
\par }\pard \qr {\f5\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f0\fs24 \page }{\f0\fs24\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 #}{\f0 ctx_Ugly}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 $}{\f0 Yo Mama's So Ugly}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 K:}{\f0 Ugly}}}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 Yo\'92 Mama\'92s So Ugly...
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 
\par Yo mama's so ugly,  when she joined an ugly contest, they said ""Sorry, no professionals.""
\par Yo mama's so ugly, her mom had to be drunk to breastfeed her.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, her face is closed on weekends!
\par Yo mama's so ugly, when she gets up, the sun goes down.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, roaches go ""Hi mom!""
\par Yo mama's so ugly, her mama had to tie a steak around her neck to get the dog to play with her.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, her picture is on the inside of a Roach Motel.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, I took her to a haunted house and she came out with a job application.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, I took her to the zoo, guy at the door said ""Thanks for bringing her back.""
\par Yo mama's so ugly, instead of putting the bungee cord around her ankle, they put it around her neck.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so ugly, just after she was born, her mama said ""What a treasure!"" and her father said ""Yes, let's go bury it.""
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so ugly, people go as her for Halloween.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, she can look up a camel's butt and scare the hump off of it.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, she could be the poster child for abortion/birth control!
\par Yo mama's so ugly, when I took her to a haunted house she came out with a paycheck.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
\par Yo mama's so ugly, she could scare the moss off a rock!
\par Yo mama's so ugly, she has to trick or treat over the phone.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, when she looked out the window, she got arrested for mooning.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, she makes onions cry.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, she scares roaches away.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, she threw a boomerang and it wouldn't even come back.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, that if ugly were bricks she'd have her own projects.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, it makes me wish birth control is retroactive.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, your father takes her to work just so he doesn't have to kiss her good-bye.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, when she was born, the doctor slapped her mama!
\par Yo mama's so ugly, when she was born the doctor smacked everyone.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, the doctor is still smacking her ass.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, when she was born, the doctor smacked the wrong end.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, the last time she heard a whistle was when she got hit by a train.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, the psychiatrist makes her lie face down.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, when two guys broke into her apartment, she yelled ""rape"" and they yelled ""NO!""
\par Yo mama's so ugly, they didn't give her a costume when she tried out for Star Wars.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, they filmed ""Gorillas in the Mist"" in her shower.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, they know what time she was born, because her face stopped the clock!
\par Yo mama's so ugly, they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, they put her face on box of Ex-Lax and sold it empty.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, when she passes by a bathroom the toilet flushes.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, when she was lying on the beach, the cat tried to bury her.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, when she walks in the kitchen, the rats jump on the table and start screaming.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillance cameras.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, when she was born she was put in an incubator with tinted windows.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, when she was born, her mama saw the afterbirth and said ""Twins.""
\par Yo mama's so ugly, yo dad first met her at the pound.
\par Yo mama's so ugly, you could stick her face in dough and make monster cookies.
\par Yo mama was such an ugly baby, her parents had to feed her with a slingshot.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 When Yo mama was born they had to take her out of the trash can cause the doctor said ""Throw this shit away!""
\par }\pard \qr {\f5\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f0\fs24 \page }{\f0\fs24\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 #}{\f0 ctx_Old}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 $}{\f0 Yo Mama's So Old}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 K:}{\f0 Old}}}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 Yo\'92 Mama\'92s So Old...
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 
\par Yo mama's so old, she owes Fred Flintstone a food stamp.
\par Yo mama's so old, I told her to act her age and the bitch died.
\par Yo mama's so old, Jurassic Park brought back memories.
\par Yo mama's so old, her social security number is 1.
\par Yo mama's so old, her birth-certificate expired.
\par Yo mama's so old, she ran track with dinosaurs.
\par Yo mama's so old, she has a picture of Jesus in her yearbook.
\par Yo mama's so old, she was a waitress at the last supper.
\par Yo mama's so old, she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
\par Yo mama's so old, she knew the Beetles when they were the New Kids on the Block.
\par Yo mama's so old, she owes Jesus a nickel.
\par Yo mama's so old, she owes Moses a quarter.
\par Yo mama's so old, she's got Jesus' beeper number.
\par Yo mama's so old, when she was in school there was no history class.
\par Yo mama's so old, when God said ""let there be light"" she was there to flick the switch.
\par Yo mama's so old, when Moses split the red sea, she was on the other side fishing.
\par Yo mama's so old, when she reads the bible she reminisces.
\par Yo mama's so old, she planted the first tree at Central Park.
\par Yo mama's so old, her birthday expired.
\par Yo mama's so old, she co-wrote the ten commandments.
\par Yo mama's so old, she farts out dust.
\par Yo mama's so old, she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
\par Yo mama's so old, she used to baby-sit Jesus.
\par }\pard \qr {\f5\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f0\fs24 \page }{\f0\fs24\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 #}{\f0 ctx_Got}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 $}{\f0 Yo Mama's Got}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 K:}{\f0 Got}}}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 Yo\'92 Mama\'92s Got...
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 
\par Yo mama's got a 4 dollar weave and don't know when to leave.
\par Yo mama's got 1 leg longer than other and they call her call her hip hop.
\par Yo mama's got 1 toe & 1 knee and they call her Tony.
\par Yo mama's got a bald head with a part and sideburns.
\par Yo mama's got a metal afro with rusty sideburns.
\par Yo mama's got a wooden leg with a kickstand on it.
\par Yo mama's got everything a man could want.
\par Yo mama's got a wooden leg with branches.
\par Yo mama's got an afro with a chin strap!
\par Yo mama's got hair on her tongue and she gargles with curl activator.
\par Yo mama's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
\par Yo mama's got more crust than bucket of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
\par Yo mama's got more weave than a dog in traffic.
\par Yo mama's got no fingers talking bout how she wanted to be with the Pointer sisters.
\par Yo mama's got no fingers talking bout how she's gonna press charges.
\par Yo mama's got no legs and always talking about how she used to kick it.
\par Yo mama's got one ear, talking bout she wants to hear both sides of the story.
\par Yo mama's got no ears and was trying on sunglasses.
\par Yo mama's got one eye, one leg, one arm and one knee and they call her UNO.
\par Yo mama's got snakeskin teeth.
\par Yo mama's got so many gaps in her teeth it looks like piano keys.
\par Yo mama's got a glass eye with a fish in it.
\par Yo mama's got so many rings around belly she's gotta screw her underwear on.
\par Yo mama's got so many teeth missing, it looks like her tongue is in jail.
\par Yo mama's got so much hair under her arms, it looks like she's got Buckwheat in a headlock.
\par Yo mama's got three fingers and a banjo.
\par Yo mama's got three teeth... one in her mouth and two in her pocket.
\par Yo mama's got two wooden legs and one is one backward.
\par Yo mama ain't got no ears talkin' bout ""I hear ya.""
\par Yo mama ain't got no fingers talkin' bout ""Oh snap.""
\par Yo mama ain't got no legs talkin' bout how she's gonna run for president.
\par Yo mama ain't got no legs talkin' bout how she's running things.
\par Yo mama has one arm and swims in circles.
\par Yo mama has 10 fingers - all on the same hand.
\par Yo mama has 4 eyes and 2 pair of sunglasses.
\par Yo mama has a `fro with warning lights.
\par Yo mama has a short leg and walks in circles.
\par Yo mama has a wooden afro with an ""X"" carved in the back.
\par Yo mama has green hair and thinks she's a tree.
\par Yo mama has one ear and a burnt potato chip.
\par Yo mama has one ear and has to take off her hat to hear what you're saying.
\par Yo mama has one hand and a Clapper.
\par Yo mama has one leg and a bicycle.
\par Yo mama has one short arm and can't applaud.
\par Yo mama has so much hair on her upper lip, she braids it.
\par Yo mama's teeth are so rotten, when she smiles they look like dice.
\par Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, she has to brush them with a butter knife.
\par Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, I can't believe it's not butter.
\par Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, she slows down traffic when she smiles.
\par }\pard \qr {\f5\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f0\fs24 \page }{\f0\fs24\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 #}{\f0 ctx_Black}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 $}{\f0 Yo Mama's So Black}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 K:}{\f0 Black}}}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 Yo\'92 Mama\'92s So Black...
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 
\par Yo mama's so black, every time she gets in a car the oil light comes on.
\par Yo mama's so black, if she sat in a Jacuzzi the water would turn into coffee.
\par Yo mama's so black, she bleeds smoke.
\par Yo mama's so black, she drinks water and pees coffee.
\par Yo mama's so black, she can leave fingerprints on charcoal.
\par Yo mama's so black, she went to night school and was marked absent.
\par Yo mama's so black, that lightening bugs follow her in the daytime.
\par Yo mama's so black, when she puts lotion on her legs it looks like she has on leather pants.
\par Yo mama's so black, when the police shot at her the bullets came back for flashlights.
\par Yo mama's so black, when you go swimming it looks like an oil spill.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so black, when she eats a tootsie roll, she's gotta wear white gloves to keep from chewing her fingers off.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so black, if she had a red light she'd be a beeper.
\par Yo family's so black, when they hold hands, it looks like a stretch limo.
\par Yo mama's gums are so black, she spits Chocolate Milk
\par Yo mama's gums are so black, that she spits Yoo Hoo.
\par }\pard \qr {\f5\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f0\fs24 \page }{\f0\fs24\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 #}{\f0 ctx_Hoe}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 $}{\f0 Yo Mama's Such a Hoe}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 K:}{\f0 Hoe}}}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 Yo\'92 Mama\'92s Such a Hoe...
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 
\par Yo mama's like a birthday cake, everybody gets a piece.
\par Yo mama's like a bowling ball, she always winds up in the gutter.
\par Yo mama's like a bowling ball, you can fit three fingers in.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's like a bowling ball, she gets picked up, fingered, thrown down the gutter, and she still comes back for more.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's like a bus, guys climb on and off her all day long.
\par Yo mama's like a bubble gum machine, 5 cents a blow.
\par Yo mama's like a Christmas tree, everybody hangs balls on her.
\par Yo mama's like a door knob, everybody gets a turn.
\par Yo mama's like Dominoes Pizza, something for nothing.
\par Yo mama's like a gas station...  you gotta pay before you pump.
\par Yo mama's like a goalie:  she changes her pads after three periods.
\par Yo mama's like a light switch, even a little kid can turn her on.
\par Yo mama's like a postage stamp, you lick her, stick her, then send her away.
\par Yo mama's like a race car driver...  she burns a lot of rubbers.
\par Yo mama's like a railroad track, she gets laid all over the country.
\par Yo mama's like a screen door, after a couple of bangs she loosens up.
\par Yo mama's like a shotgun, one cock and she blows.
\par Yo mama's like a Toyota, ""OOooh what a feeling!""
\par Yo mama's like a TV, even a 2 year old could turn her on.
\par Yo mama's like a vacuum cleaner...  a real good suck.
\par Yo mama's like an ice cream cone...  everyone gets a lick.
\par Yo mama's like a refrigerator, everyone puts their meat in her.
\par Yo mama's like cake mix, 15 servings per package!
\par Yo mama's like Denny's... open 24 hours.
\par Yo mama's like McDonalds... Billions and Billions served.
\par Yo mama's like mustard, she spreads easy.
\par Yo mama's like the Pillsbury dough boy - everybody pokes her.
\par Yo mama's like a hardware store, 25 cents a screw.
\par I just saw Yo mama walking down the hall with a mattress strapped to her back asking for volunteers!
\par The difference between Yo mama and 747: not everyone's been on a 747.
\par Yo mama said she liked seafood, so I gave her crabs.
\par Yo mama's so easy that when she heard Santa Claus say Ho Ho Ho she thought she was getting it three times.
\par Yo mama's such a whore that I could've been Yo daddy, but the guy in line behind me had the correct change.
\par Yo mama wears knee-pads and calls out ""Curb service.""
\par Yo mama' so cross-eyed, when she has sex she thinks its a threesome.
\par }\pard \qr {\f5\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f0\fs24 \page }{\f0\fs24\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 #}{\f0 ctx_Body}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 $}{\f0 Yo Mama's Body Is So}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 K:}{\f0 Body}}}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 Yo\'92 Mama\'92s Body Is So...
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 
\par Yo mama's arms are so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.
\par Yo mama's breath is so stank, we don't know whether she needs gum or toilet paper.
\par Yo mama's breath is so stank, when she exhales her teeth have to duck.
\par Yo mama's breath is so stank, she eats odor eaters.
\par Yo mama's butt is so bony, she put her drawers on and cut them in two.
\par Yo mama's butt is so big, it looks like 2 pigs fighting over milk duds.
\par Yo mama's feet so big, her sneakers need license plates.
\par Yo mama's forehead's so big, you could show slides on it.
\par Yo mama's mouth is so big, she speaks in surround sound.
\par Yo mama's hair is so nappy, she has to take Tylenol just to comb it.
\par Yo mama's hair is nappier than a goats ass.
\par Yo mama's head is so big, she has to wash her hair at Niagara falls.
\par Yo mama's head is so big, it shows up on radar.
\par Yo mama's head is so big, she don't have dreams, she have movies.
\par Yo mama's head is so wrinkled, she has to screw her hat on.
\par Yo mama's head is so little, she could wear fruit loops as head rags.
\par Yo mama's head is so nappy, when she combs her hair her teeth bleed.
\par Yo mama's head is so small, she got her ear pierced and died.
\par Yo mama's hips are so big, people set their drinks on them.
\par Yo mama's legs are so hairy if she had fur coat & a banana they'd stick her back in the zoo.
\par Yo mama's lips are so big, that ChapStick had to invent a spray.
\par Yo mama's lips are so big, when you smile you wet your hair.
\par Yo mama's so dirty, she has to creep up on bath water.
\par Yo mama's so greasy, she sweats Crisco.
\par Yo mama's so greasy, she uses bacon as a band aid.
\par Yo mama's so greasy, when she slid into second she ended in Detroit.
\par Yo mama's so greasy, Texaco buys oil from her.
\par Yo mama's so hairy, Bigfoot took a picture of her.
\par Yo mama's so hairy, her armpits look like she has Don King in a headlock.
\par Yo mama's so hairy, she looks like a Chia pet with a sweater on.
\par Yo mama's so hairy, she has afros on her nipples.
\par Yo mama's so hairy, you almost died of rug burn at birth.
\par Yo mama's so hairy, she shaves with a weedwhacker.
\par Yo mama's so nasty, she only changes her drawers once every 10000 miles.
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so nasty, she went to a hair salon and told the stylist to cut her hair, then she opened up her blouse!!
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so nasty, she puts ice down her drawers to keep the crabs fresh.
\par Yo mama's so nasty, she made Speed Stick slow down.
\par Yo mama's so nasty, she made Right Guard turn left.
\par Yo mama's so nasty, she went swimming and made the Dead Sea.
\par Yo mama's so nasty, I called her up for phone sex and she gave me an ear infection.
\par Yo mama's so nice she'd give me the hair off her back.
\par Yo mama smells so bad her Sure deodorant is confused and her Secret told on her.
\par Yo mama's so stank, she made Right Guard go left, Speed Stick slow down, and Ban come off strike.
\par Yo mama smells like hot ass on a cold day.
\par Yo mama's so stank, that her shit is glad to escape.
\par Yo mama's so stank, she's like Shaquille O'Neal, she don't fake the funk!!
\par Yo mama's so stanky, she gets sourdough yeast infections.
\par Yo mama's drawers are so funky, the roaches check in but they don't check out.
\par }\pard \qr {\f5\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f0\fs24 \page }{\f0\fs24\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 #}{\f0 ctx_Poor}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 $}{\f0 Yo Mama's So Poor}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 K:}{\f0 Poor}}}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 Yo\'92 Mama\'92s So Poor...
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 
\par Yo mama's so poor, when I ring the doorbell she says ""DING!""
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so poor, when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, she said ""Moving.""
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 Yo mama's so poor, she went to McDonald's and put a milkshake on layaway.
\par Yo mama's so poor, your TV got 2 channels: on and off.
\par Yo mama's so poor, they put her picture on food stamps.
\par Yo mama's so poor, she waves around a popsicle stick and calls it air-conditioning.
\par Yo mama's so poor, she can't even afford to pay attention.
\par Yo mama's so poor, when she heard about the last supper, she thought she ran out of food stamps.
\par Yo mama's so poor, she goes to Kentucky Fried Chicken to lick other people's fingers.
\par Yo mama's so poor, she married young just to get the rice!
\par Yo mama's so poor, burglars break in and leave money.
\par Yo mama's so poor, the only time she smelled hot food was when a rich man farted!
\par Yo mama's so poor, when Yo family watches TV, they go to Sears.
\par Yo mama's so poor, she eats cereal with a fork to save milk.
\par }\pard \qr {\f5\cf1 
\par }\pard {\f0\fs24 \page }{\f0\fs24\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 #}{\f0 ctx_So}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\f0\fs16\up6 $}{\f0 Yo Mama's So}}}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20 
{\f0\fs16\up6 K:}{\f0 So}}}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 Yo\'92 Mama\'92s So...
\par }\pard {\f5\cf1 
\par Yo mama's so short, she has to cuff her underwear.
\par Yo mama's so short, she can play handball on the curb.
\par Yo mama's so short, she poses for trophies.
\par Yo mama's so short, she can do backflips under the bed.
\par Yo mama's so short, she needs a ladder to pick up a dime.
\par Yo mama's so short, you can see her feet on her driver's license.
\par Yo mama's so skinny, her nipples touch.
\par Yo mama's so skinny, she turned sideways and disappeared.
\par Yo mama's so skinny, I gave her a piece of popcorn and she went into a coma.
\par Yo mama's so skinny, if she had dreads I'd grab her by the ankles and use her to mop the floor.
\par Yo mama's so skinny, she swallowed a meatball and thought she was pregnant.
\par Yo mama's so skinny, she uses a Band-Aid as a maxi-pad.
\par Yo mama's so tall, she did a push-up and burned her back on the sun.
\par Yo mama's so tall, when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th.
\par Yo mama's so tall, if she did a back-flip she'd kick Jesus in the mouth.
\par Yo mama's so bald, her hair looks like stitches.
\par Yo mama's so bald, she curls her hair with rice.
\par Yo mama's so baldheaded, when she showers she gets brainwashed.
\par Yo mama's so bald, I can read her mind.
\par Yo mama's blind and seeing another man.
\par Yo mama's glasses are so thick, when she looks at a map, she can see people waving at her.
\par Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can see into the future.
\par Yo mama's car's so ugly, someone broke in just to steal The CLUB.
\par Yo mama's a stunt double for the predator.
\par Yo mama's in a wheelchair talkin' bout ""Stop pushing me around.""
\par Yo mama's cross-eyed and watches TV in stereo.
\par Yo mama's house is so dusty the roaches ride around on dune buggies.
\par Yo mama's house is so small she can't even order a large pizza.
\par Yo mama's middle name is Rambo.
\par Yo mama's missing a finger and can't count past 9.
\par Yo mama's so backwards she sits on the TV and watches the couch.
\par Yo mama's so cheap, instead of buying a fire alarm, she hangs Jiffy Pop from the ceiling.
\par Yo mama's so clumsy, she got tangled up in a cordless phone.
\par Yo mama's so grouchy, the McDonalds she works in doesn't even serve Happy Meals.
\par Yo mama's twice the man you are.
\par Yo mama drives a peanut.
\par Yo mama sets off car alarms when she runs.
\par Yo mama was born on Independence Day and can't remember her birthday.
\par Yo mama was in K-Mart with a box of Hefty bags.  I said, ""What ya doin'?"" She said, ""Buying luggage.""
\par Yo mama watches ""The Three Stooges"" and takes notes.
\par Yo mama waves around a popsicle stick and calls it air conditioning.
\par Yo mama wears a Nike tag on her weave so now everybody calls her Hair Jordan.
\par Yo mama's maxi pads are so thick, she could bend over and deflect bullets.
\par I saved Yo mama's life today... I killed a shit-eating dog on the way over.
\par I saw Yo mama at the freak show petting the world's largest turtle.
\par I saw Yo mama kicking a can down the street. I ask's what she was doing, and she said ""Moving.""
\par If my dog had a face as ugly as Yo mama's, I'd shave his ass and make him walk backwards.
\par }\pard 
\par }
